Ah!
I'm going to move you into concrete
Pour into a foundation
Then lead someone to step on him
You've done so many unconscionable things
Does your brother know?
Bitch, they dare to move my brother out
Even if my brother finds out, he can't do anything to me
How could he be because of you, an outsider?
What about my own sister?
When we eat you, our society will really grow bigger.
You will feel distressed if you choke.
Why don't you go back first?
Sister is rough-skinned and fleshy to this bitch
Even my hands are getting fat
I'm going to have a beauty treatment first.
Don't worry about being clean.
I've been wanting to taste you for a long time
Success depends on the rain
I must teach you
Ecstasy?
And so forth.
Since I can't escape here
Come here.
Come closer
Do you want to know if the severe punishment light trained me?
How ecstatic